Title:<br/>
<b>Splines: 3rd-degree Spline Interpolation - Best fit</b>

Description:<br/>
<p>The program defines all basic procedures to create and evaluate splines for given X and Y data arrays. The evaluation is made by continiously dividing X data until a x[i] is found with requested x is:  x[i] <= x < x[i+1]  . So the X and Y data arrays have to be sorted before S(x) is created. If requested x is not in X array (out of interpolation data), extrapolation is used to make an estimation of S(x).</p>
<p>Furthermore, there are some other useful procedures that complete the study for these splines. There is a procedure to test if all DX values for the X data array satisfy certain minimum and maximum constrains. A procedure to make an estimation of the interpolation error (linear to D(4)y) for any 3rd-degree spline (which can be called "internal" S(x) error). A procedure to calculate maximum the error of S(x) given a "more complete" set of XY data (which can be called "external" S(x) error). Also, there is a procedure that creates a spline of M nodes given a XY data set of N nodes, where M<=N.</p>
<p>Finally, there is a general procedure that creates a spline for a set of XY data, using the minimum number of data nodes so that a maximum total S(x) error constraint is satisfied. The success of this procedure depends on the size of XY data set, the requested error constraint and of course the ability to approximate the ("unknown") function f(x) with a 3rd-degree spline S(x).</p>
<p>Note: The sources were developed for Turbo C++ in DOS. Some functions have internal "printf" instructions used when a progress indicator is needed. When these functions are not used during debugging, these instructions should be commented or removed to avoid unexpected output in a "main" program.</p>
